chore(docs): Docs for turbofish operator (#5555)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/noir/concepts/generics.md

```

You can find more details on traits and trait implementations on the [traits page](../concepts/traits.md).

## Turbofish

Paths with generic parameters in expressions must prefix the opening brackets with a `::<>` operator.

> The name "turbofish" comes from that `::<>` looks like a little fish.

Reviewer: We should explain what "turbofish" is and what it is for first, this description just jumps right it.

Perhaps we should also rename the section to something like "Manually Specifying Generics with the Turbofish Operator" or something more descriptive.

Author: Ok I'll expand the description

Author: What do you think of the blurb I have added?

```

You can find more details on traits and trait implementations on the [traits page](../concepts/traits.md).

## Manually Specifying Generics with the Turbofish Operator

There are times when the compiler cannot reasonably infer what type should be used for a generic, or when the developer themselves may want to manually distinguish generic type parameters. This is where the `::<>` turbofish operator comes into play.

> Paths with generic parameters in expressions can prefix the opening brackets with a `::<>` operator. They must be prefixed with `::<>` in cases where the generic type cannot be inferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `::<>` operator can follow a variable or path and can be used to manually specify generic arguments within the angle brackets.
```
I found the original sentence to be a bit awkwardly worded. Otherwise the PR looks good
